Visualy and Recipe update (#15)
DavidJGH/igneous-machines: CHANGELOG.md

Changes:
* updated texture.

> * crafter recipe now take traped chest instead quartzs and diamond.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* igneous crafter recipe now uses trapped chest instead of 2 quartz and a diamond.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Version: 1.3.2
Date: 2025-06-22
Changes
* updated texture.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Changes:

> * Separate version for 1.20.2

Reviewer: The changelog file should always just contain the changes of the current version. This file is used to display the version changes on modrinth/curseforge. So please delete the old information. Also please follow the correct format. no dashes no date no version.
Just the headers (when relevant) "Features:", "Fixes:" and/or "Changes:" with bullet points beneath them. ty
